[ Music ]
>> Success story.
>> Well, she's in a program right now and
the program itself focus more on job skill
and because she love children and she is
doing any typical like assembly paying
or you know drawing thing or [inaudible] mail
and she love those things
that relate to children.
And earning money has inspired to do those
things she love to do that and have money
and spend time in the community, spend
time shopping and she love shopping.
And the program she also have time to
go to the pond, go to the community
to do some recreation and leisure.
So this is the thing that she's doing
today and she enjoys so much and she love
to do those and she's very happy.
And the same here.
We are very happy that she has a place to go,
has something to do to earn money for herself
and we also take her to the community --
our owned community like to
shop and she like shopping.
First thing first.
I believe parents are the expert
of what skill your child need
in order to be successful in life.
And I strongly parents to focus
those skill early as possible.
The other thing to have your child explore
job opportunities in the community to see
if anything that your child would like and want,
what skill that is required to do those job.
So learning that firsthand.
For some children with disability it will
take longer time to learn those skill
and it take time for them
to be familiar with the job
or the skill that they can use effectively.
The other thing too I think not only focus
job because independent living skills
and it doesn't matter if your child live
with you in the future or in a group home
or live independently, the independent
living skill is very important.
Like learn how to call 9-1-1
when there is an emergency.
You know my daughter had to learn those skills
whether she in the program or she's home
because this is a skill that she
would need no matter where she live.
The other thing too I think for --
I think parents including me we need
to participate in the transition.
More meaningfully to work with schools, with
the program, to provide more effective skill
that our children will learn
to be successful at the school.
So I believe that your ideas,
your input, and your knowledge
of your child is very important
for your child's future life.
[ Music ]